Hanshin Racecourse outstanding victory against the end of the straight line of the fourth with thoroughbreds management disabilities ran the Datokosu
The gate- in of nine battles of 1970m will end
The most little I jumped all together started name Bonnard often too much out
There is no but I am waiting for the group
The first of a lifetime teaching One peak shakes Korsakoff's Remarks Korsakov was said in in
Standing on the top from inside the Astor Chris will continue around the curve of the first curve to the left
The 2nd ball is also ahead of the 3rd in Univer
Later Korsakov behind two Umami is the machine in and out of the name Bonnard fourth fastest in the Stone
It came out before the stand
The first ikea phase obstacle towards the water after opening the front of the stand
Failure first
Sphere also One cold in Yuniba St. Astor Chris second place in this failure third place in the name Bonnard
Come up 1 meter now
3m is covered with water to cool the water sports obstacle of the height of the water, but it is cleared if you write its life
Were you facing in the third hedge and went steadily skipping to have a sphere also universe subsequent
Second place tomorrow Akurisu third place name not cold in the pull-off Bonnard
The soul of the battle is already turning around the universe corner Cut the curve to Ichiran 345
Head for the obstacle of the owner's heavy pipe and take the lead of 3 horses in the middle of the ball
Universe 34 Universe the ball to match the Sashikakari you Come on foot to the corner middle of Failure
Himee one
The second fastest Astabis has now teethed
Name Bonal 1st horse's 3rd fastest aqua blue sky came out out of 3rd
I 'll open the curve and come into my favorite course now
Sashikakari the mechanism first of ingredients in-goal to stab in the pull-off subsequent to hear the Tamamo universe Sakura
I will
It is so cold that we put a green goal right now and are in line with April 2nd group
Also universe bamboo vinegar cars but Bonnard aqua blue sky top of soul star Chris name
The 22nd group cools its life now, and it will continue to teach 1000 districts 3 body differences from this 2nd group
Remarks Korsakov or tm swift outside of the southern country followed by a large delay later
It is pure stone highest peak in was delayed significantly to further behind Shigerufuku chief
There are still 10 horses on the lead from the costumer to the corner around the turn
Let's leave the bus after the house to the soul, let's fight now Come back in the opposite direction Now rich in three types in the opposite direction
The glacier ikea-ku, life was Mi閲
2nd Astar Chris Named Bonal 2nd in a row and say, Come on the second side of the front middle
Obstacle to failure
There will still took the lead 78 Umami tobacco also universe Hiezu in this day s
The difference has been gradually filled up to about 5 horses
It contains all from Ottira star Chris name Bonnard 3 Umami to the difference of 4 Umami
We went around obstacle 3 corner of 34 corners middle
Following the fourth resistance if after are far apart, but the ball also Universities
Aster Criss name that still has 5 horseback leads without chilling his life in the middle of 34 corners
Bonnard lined 2nd and 3rd
After that there is a difference of 7 8 horses and aqua blue sky
We will toward the end of the obstacle the beginning of the Bath a month double-dip hand Astor Chris name to Tamamori
There was a late whip that went into 3rd in Bonnard
Again, the second line is again straight
I went to the course Looking back at the tableware Tamamo Universe This is completely safe
Lead
10 Umami and the lead got off the left hand remaining 200 China Version 2 Chakuarasoi
Aqua Blue Sky has become delicious to two pieces dispute
It Astor Chris name Bonnard aqua blue sky two pieces dispute
The width is also a unibus victory and whether the goal position 200 is lined up with 3 tones
me